---- README ----

IMPORTANT NOTE: Windows and antivirus software will block the Easy Survey Creator installation. In order to install this application you must either disable your antivirus during installation or whitelist the installer. If a Windows Smart Screen notification blocks the installer choose "More Info" and "Run Anyway".

COPYRIGHT NOTICE: By downloading, recieving, installing or using The Easy Survey Creator you agree to the terms of the CC BY-ND license, under which it is licensed. https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/


Version 2.0.3 Jar - Third Stable Release. The Jar is an alternate application version that has the advantage of small size. It is an application that can be run on any system with Java JRE 7 or greater.

Version 2.0.3 - Third Stable Release. Version 2.0.3 improves the installation of the Easy Survey Creator using inno5 and exe4j. It also fixes issues with the analysis menu.

--- INSTALLATION ---

Version 2.0.3 Jar is a application that can be run on any system with Java JRE 7 or greater.

To install ensure you have a Java JRE 7+ installed. (see http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html)
Simply double-click the .jar and run it.

Version 2.0.3 is a standalone installer that can install the Easy Survey Creator. Windows 7+ supported.

To install double-click the .exe installer and run the setup.
Once installed double-click the shortcut on your desktop and run it.


--- KNOWN ISSUES ---

- During installation Error 5 access denied: "Unable to execute file in the temporary directory. Setup aborted"

SOLUTION: Disable antivirus software temporarily and restart the installer. Right-click on the installer and run as administrator. If issue continues add the installer to your antivirus's whitelist.

- During installation ShellExecuteEx failed; code 299: "Only part of a ReadProcessMemory or WriteProcessMemory request was completed"

SOLUTION: Disable antivirus software temporarily and restart the installer. If you have a deepscanning active on your antivirus you will be required to wait for a few minutes before the installation will continue.